Add note on `autocomplete` attribute (#867)
primer/design: content/components/text-input.mdx

- Text inputs must have a visible label. While the component allows for labels to be visually hidden, this is only permitted if there is equivalent visible text already within the page that acts as a label for the input. In limited cases an icon alone could act as the visible label, so not just text.
- [Placeholder text](/guides/accessibility/placeholders) is **never** an acceptable substitute for a label because:
  - The placeholder text disappears as soon as the input has a value
  - Placeholder text colors are typically too light to meet the minimum color contrast ratio required for accessibility
  - Do not rely solely on placeholder text as a label. Once a user enters information in a text input, this placeholder text won't be visible anymore, effectively leading to the input lacking a label.
- Text inputs whose value is used to filter a list of results should be paired with an announcement for the effect of the filter. For more information, see the [conveying status (filter results)](/ui-patterns/loading#filter-results) section of the loading state pattern guidelines.

> - Text inputs should typically include an `autocomplete` attribute with the appropriate value, as this can help users understand the purpose of text input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Text inputs that collect personal information about the user who is filling in the form require  an `autocomplete` attribute with the appropriate value, as this can help users understand the purpose of text input.
```

While the Rails version of the component allows for the visible label of the text input to be hidden using `visually_hide_label`, this should only be done if there is an equivalent visible text that acts as the label. In that case, make sure that the actual label / accessible name of the input matches, or is at least contained within, the visible text acting as the label.

If using this component in a way where the input can be mapped to an `autocomplete` value, you should utilize the `autocomplete` attribute with the correct value. 

### How to test the component

#### Integration tests

- The text input has a sufficiently descriptive visible label, and does not rely on the use of placeholder text alone to act as the visible label
- If the text input includes icons for its leading or trailing visuals, the input's purpose is clear even without the icons (as these are only decorative and are not conveyed to screen reader users)
- In the React version, when using the `loading` state, this state is conveyed appropriately to screen reader users

> - Ensure that the text input has a `autocomplete` attribute attached, if the field can be mapped to an [autocomplete value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete#token_list_tokens).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the text input has an `autocomplete` attribute attached, if the field can be mapped to an [autocomplete value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete#token_list_tokens).
```

> - Ensure that the text input has an `autocomplete` attribute attached, if the field can be mapped to an [autocomplete value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/autocomplete#token_list_tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the text input has an `autocomplete` attribute attached, if the field collects personal information about the user who is filling in the form and maps to an autocomplete field described in [Input Purposes for User Interface Components](https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG21/#input-purposes)
```

#### Component tests

The `<label for="…">` attribute must point to the `id` of the `<input>`
- If the component is set to `disabled`, the rendered `<input>` includes the `disabled` HTML attribute
- If the component has a `placeholder` attribute, the rendered `<input>` includes the `placeholder` HTML attribute

> - If the component has a `autocomplete` attribute, the rendered `<input>` includes the `autocomplete` HTML attribute
> - If the component has a `autocomplete` attribute, the correct value is used for the `autocomplete` HTML attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the component has an `autocomplete` attribute, the rendered `<input>` includes the `autocomplete` HTML attribute
- If the component has an `autocomplete` attribute, the correct value is used for the `autocomplete` HTML attribute.
```
